Python and SQL experience. 


Django


Flask
Flask is a microframework for Python based on Werkzeug, 
Jinja 2 and good intentions. 
And before you ask: It's BSD licensed!



MySQL


PostGres


SQL



Alchemy
SQLAlchemy is the Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper
that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL.
It provides a full suite of well known enterprise-level persistence
patterns, designed for efficient and high-performing database access, 
adapted into a simple and Pythonic domain language.



REST API
In recent years REST (REpresentational State Transfer) has emerged as
the standard architectural design for web services and web APIs.





Git


TDD / Unit testing.



software architecture

asynchronous methodology

fuzzy matching
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
jellyfish
a python library for doing approximate and phonetic matching of strings
Levenshtein Distance
Damerau-Levenshtein Distance
Jaro Distance
Jaro-Winkler Distance
Match Rating Approach Comparison
Hamming Distance



parallel execution.


Haskell
=======
We're looking for someone with "real world" production experience of Haskell ideally 
(while recognising that there's a somewhat untapped pool of people who love Haskell and
are good at it, but haven't had an opportunity to do it at their day job yet).
Additional skills and experience that we'd regard highly are:

• Web experience - any front end work you've done, especially with Angular. 

• Financial experience - a lot of the ideas in the platform have grown out of
  dissatisfaction in building trading systems.

• Architecture "stuff" ØMQ, Elastic Search, rabbitmq, Cloud Haskell,
  Continuous Integration - anything sexy you've done or like. Wow us!





The Successful Applicant
Solid experience working as an administrator within a Linux environment, (mainly CentOS/Redhat).
Solid experience working with Agile Software Development teams, providing for their needs and understanding their processes.
Strong installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting skills with CentOS/RHEL Operating Systems.
Strong Scripting experience in Bash and Python.
Strong experience in Amazon Web Services deployments, including EC2, RDS, ELB, CloudWatch
A good working knowledge of Containerisation technologies, including Docker and implementation of containers on production environments.
Open source web / application servers, e.g. Apache, Nginx, Redis, Cherrypy.
Database experience preferably PostgreSQL. MySQL Server would be an additional advantage.
Configuration and patch management with tools such as Salt, Puppet, Spacewalk or Chef.
RedHat Certification would be advantageous.
Good technical understanding of web services.
Solid understanding of TCP/IP networking concepts and major protocols.
Experience with redundancy/high availability solutions.
Ideally, experience of administration or deployment to Microsoft environments.
Good understanding of the full software delivery life-cycle using Scrum and test-driven development
Experience in working within small and medium, fast-paced organisations

